#summary How to Configure Torrent Watch
#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured
==Feeds==
===Adding a Feed===
  * To add a feed, type the url in the centered box under "New RSS Feed" at the bottom
  * To add a feed you MUST also add your first match.
  * If you just want to look at the feed without matching anything, put in a match that will never work(i.e. asdf asdf)
  * Click the orange + button next to the boxes under your feed
===Deleting a Feed===
  * To Delete a feed, simple delete all the matches from the feed


==Matches==
===What is a Match===
  * each feed has a set of matches attached to it
  * a match consists of 2 strings(the left and right on the config page)
  * to get a hit from a feed BOTH the strings must match the title of the feed item
  * The first string, known as the key, must be unique for its feed. The second string can be anything.
====The Strings====
  * The strings dont support globs(`*`) but do support regexp(.`*`)
  * So .`*` is the equivilent of what you would expect from `*`
  * i.e. "a.`*`d" will match "abcd" but "a`*`d" means something [http://www.regular-expressions.info/repeat.html completely different]

===Adding a Match===
====Automatic Matching====
  * To add a match you can click on a torrents name from the DL Now or Test Matches page. 
  * This will attempt to guess the show title and rip type to match later
  * After adding a match always use the test matches to verify your shows get matched
====Manual Matching====
  * Say you want to download all releases of Big Brother USA from release group XXxxX
  * Pull up the test matches page, and find a torrent from the series
  * Make note of how the title is displayed(Big.Brother.US or Big Brother: USA etc)
  * Go to the Configuration Page
  * Under each feed is a list of matches, and then two empty boxes
  * in the left box, enter the title as displayed on the test matches page
  * in the right box, enter the release group/rip info as displayed in the title
  * for example "Big.Brother.US" on the left and XviD-XXxxXX
  * Click the orange plus button to the right of the boxes
  * After adding a match always use the test matches to verify your shows get matched
  * Really the two strings can be any two strings that match the release title, play arround!
===Deleting a Match===
  * To delete a match press the orange minus button next to it

==Other Notes==
The Test Matches and DL Now links go to the same page but they work slightly different
  * Test Matches will never download a torrent.  It will just tell you what is matching. This allows you to see if your new match actually works right
  * DL Now will download any new matching torrents and start them with the PCH's bittorrent program.
New matching torrents are also checked for at 30 minutes past the hour every hour.
  * If you have put any of your own torrents in the /share/.torrents/ folder, they will also get started at 30 minutes past the hour.
All Feeds are cached localy for 50 minutes before a new one is fetched.
  * Please be patient when pulling up the DL Now and Test Matches page. If we have to fetch new feeds we are looking at 3-5s per feed to fetch and parse them.